♪ [music] ♪
Events in React are exactly the same as
events in regular JavaScript,
or if you're coming from
a jQuery background,
if you're used to listening to onClick or
onSubmit, things like that,
you're going to feel right at home in the
React event system. Really the only
difference with React events is that they
wrap them in this cross-browser wrapper
called SyntheticEvent. It works exactly
the same as regular JavaScript events,
it just does a little bit of stuff under
the hood.
Make sure that it works cross-browser for
you. Now one thing that people see at
first about React, is that events are done
in line. If you're coming from regular
JavaScript or jQuery you know that you
would have your HTML in one place and then
you would write your JavaScript which
would then select that HTML and then come
back and listen for a click on that event.
In React, there really isn't a whole lot
of separations of concerns and we just
attach the event
via an onClick or an onSubmit event
handler right in line on the form.
So the way that we're going to do that,
and let's take a look at what we've got
here in our app. When I submit this visit
store, a couple things need to happen.
First of all, I need to pull whatever the
person has typed into this box,
and we need to get that into React. And
second we need to transition the URL from
just '/', onto 'store/glamorous-clumsy-children'
or whatever the user has typed in
there. So what we're going to do is we're
going to open up our StorePicker
component right here and we are going
to...what event do we need to listen for
here? You might think...everyone always
thinks you listen for a click on the
button, but you also want to cover anyone
hitting enter on the button. Really the
event that we want here is called the
"onSubmit" event. So we've got a form element
here, and I'm going to say "onSubmit="...
Now, what happens? Well, we are going to
create our own method. I'm going to leave
this empty right now and this is the first
time that we're adding an additional
method to our React component.
So right above render(), what I'm going to
tell you to do, is we're going to create a
method called "goToStore". Now if you've
never used an ES6 class,
you may immediately put a comma there
because that's how you would normally do
it in an object, but ES6 classes do not
have any commas after them.
And then inside of the store we're going
to do those two things that we said,
we're going to say first grab the text
from the box, and second,
we're going to transition from '/' to
'/store/:storeID'.
Whatever the actual store ID.
That's going to be a variable for us.
Let's just get this goToStore() working. Console log
"You changed the URL."
So when someone submits it
we need to then go to store. So how do we
do that? Well, we simply just say "this.goToStore".
Now let's take a quick look
at that. 'this', what is 'this'? In
render()...render methods are bound to the
actual class that you're in. All the other
methods that we have on this React,
the ones we make up, like goToStore(),
that isn't going to be bound to the actual
component, and we're going to have to
figure out how do we actually bind that to
the component. So that when we use 'this',
it's going to equal to the component.
But render(), render() is a method which is
bound to the component,
meaning that we can use this inside of the
render() component, and it's always going to
equal to the actual component. So we can
say "this.goToStore",
and then we said "You changed the URL." So
let's open up our dev tools here,
and we should see console log "You changed
the URL" when I click submit.
Oh, you see it just a second, and then it
reloads the page. You see this little
question mark get's thrown in it. And if
we preserve the log
you'll see it works. But then we refresh
the page. And why is that?
That's because when you submit a form, by
default it's going to take all of the data
that you've put in here, and it's going to
send it along to whatever the action of
the form is, or it's just going to refresh
the page if we haven't provided any action
there. So how do we do that in just
regular JavaScript? That's "preventDefault()".
So we go up to this event right
here, we pass ourselves the event,
which is all the information.
This is not anything special in React.
This is just regular JavaScript. And we
type "event.preventDefault()" and that
will stop the default from happening,
which is refreshing the page.
So give that a save. Now when I click this
it will say "You changed the URL."
Good. So we have stopped the form from
submitting. Now we need to grab the text
from the box. You might be tempted to just
reach for 'document.querySelect'
or 'getElementByID', or in jQuery, you
might do something like this.
'const value='...and you might select
the input and call '.val()' on it and
call it a day. In React you want to stay
away from actually touching the DOM as
much as possible, because the way that
React works, is that we just modify the
data, we render out this JSX and we are
hands-off with touching the DOM.
We let React actually handle that part.
How do we actually do it in the case where
we actually need to get data out to...out
of an input? The way that we do that is
with something called a "ref." A ref is a
way to reference the actual input.
I'm going to go down to this input here,
we actually need access to it,
and say "ref="... Now previously in
React, you would just say something like
"storeInput", and then it would be
available to this actual component.
React is phasing out what's called "string
refs" in favor of something called "function
refs." They're a little more complicated to
understand, but as far as I can understand
they're going to allow us to do a lot more
and it's going to make React faster.
So we're not going to use a string ref
that maybe you have seen before.
We're going to open and close a set of
curly brackets here and we will run a
function. So we're going to run a little
arrow function here, this is ES6 arrow
functions. I've got some other videos on
that.
We'll say input arrow function, and then when
this actually runs,
we're going to run this little function
and say "this.storeInput = input".
Now, what is that actually doing? What
that's going to do is when this input is
rendered onto the page, it's going to put
a reference to this input right here,
on the class itself. If I give that a save
and we go to our React dev tools here.
We open up and we look for our StorePicker
component. Now it's going to be a
couple levels nested deep because the
router does all kinds of matching here.
If you find that that's a little bit much
to keep going through,
you can always search for the StorePicker
component and that's going to make it a
little bit easier to find it. Now, this is
the StorePicker right here and if I were
then to go to my console here
and type '$r', that's the
StorePicker, and actually 'storeInput'...
Aha...look what's happening.
So the component, which is $r,
StorePicker.storeInput,
I've referenced that actual input there,
and you can see that when I hover over top
of it, that is the reference to the
element in the DOM. So it's a little bit
of a roundabout, rather than selecting it,
and you might think that that's a little
bit of extra work, rather than just trying
to select it directly,
but that's the way that
we like to do it inside of React. If you
just...but that's the way that we do it
in React. There's are a lot of things in
React where I go, hmm that seems a little
bit weird, but I just trust the people
that are building React and they really
know what they're doing.
We've got this '$r.storeInput,'
now we go back into goToStore() and
instead of...we're not going to use jQuery
right here...we just want to...let's just
say "console.log(this.storeInput);" to
see if we can actually access that input
when we click it. Visit store.
"Uncaught typeError. Cannot read property
'storeInput' of null."
So it can't read storeInput of 'this'. So
what is 'this'? I thought that 'this' meant
the StorePicker. Let's go and see. Let's
see console log what actually 'this' is.
'this' is null. So what's going on here,
where here I can use 'Store'...
I can reference the StorePicker. But if I
create my own method,
'this' is not equal to StorePicker? How do
I get 'this'? How do I reference the StorePicker
component inside of another method?
Let's take a look at how to do that.
There's a couple ways we can make 'this'
equal to the actual StorePicker
component. You might not
have ever done React before,
and that's fine. This is "React For
Beginners." If you have done React before,
you might remember that there was this
thing called 'React.createClass()',
where you would create a class this way,
and you would obviously have your render()
method on it where you would return like a
paragraph tag. However,
if you had additional methods, like goToStore(),
you could just console log 'this'
inside of it, no problem, and 'this' would
always equal
the actual component itself. So why, when
we switch to this "class StorePicker
extends...", this is an ES6 class, how come it
changed? The reason is because when React
switched to ES6 classes, and you can still
use this syntax, however they're
recommending against it. They're probably
eventually going to deprecate it in favor
of just using the 'extend' syntax. It
doesn't implicitly bind
all of the methods on our component to the
actual component itself.
If we want 'this' to equal StorePicker,
there's a couple ways which we actually
need to go ahead and change it. One way
that we could do it is that we could use
the constructor of the component. And the
constructor of a component is sort of like
the thing that happens...the bunch of code
that runs when that component is created.
So we would simply type "constructor".
You have to run super() in it,
and what super() does is it will first
create a React component and then we
extend the StorePicker component by
adding on our own stuff. The base one is
the React component, and that's got some
stuff like render() on all of them,
and then we create our own StorePicker
component which adds our custom stuff,
like goToStore(). That's what super() does,
it runs React component first and then
allows us to sprinkle on our extra stuff
onto StorePicker. So that's what super()
does. Then super() allows us to say
"this.goToStore = this.goToStore.bind(this);"
What!? So "this, this, this..."
"bind"... what's going on here?
Essentially what this does is it looks for
the goToStore() method and it just sets
itself to it's own self, but then binds it
to 'this'. Which inside of the constructor,
'this' is equal to the StorePicker
component. That's a little bit weird,
because you have to do that for
absolutely every single one. I'll do that
for methods that I need to use more than
once, but I want to show you another way
to go ahead and do it as well. They both
have their benefits and their cons.
And a comment that I'm not going to
actually use the constructor in this case.
I will in a couple of other videos, and
you can make your own decisions on that.
The other way you can do it is you can go
to your onSubmit() and you could say
"this.goToStore.bind", pass it 'this' and
what that will do is it will bind the
goToStore() method to 'this'. The exact same
thing we did here. So let's see if that
works here. "You changed the URL" and we
console log 'this' is equal to the
StorePicker. That's another way to do it. Then
just another syntactically different way
to do it is you can give it an arrow
function here, which is "this.goToStore()".
And you need to pass it that actual
event. This is a little bit cleaner
in my opinion.
The one downside to doing it this way is
if I were to render seven or eight
StorePickers on a page, or maybe this was a
different component where I would have
multiple on a page, what would then...what
we're actually doing right here is we're
creating a individual function for every
single component that gets rendered.
Rather than when you do it this way,
it's all referring to this single goToStore().
We're doing a little bit of
duplication here. If we were to have
multiple ones on a page, whether that
affects your performance or not is really
up to you.
This will only reference one of them.
Knowing that, we have 'this' and then we
will say ".storeInput". Why can we say
"this.storeInput"?
Because we have done it with a ref. Let's
see where we're at now.
Good. Now that's the actual input here.
It's just a DOM element,
so we can just say ".value". Because at
that point it's just an element.
We can work with it. Visit store. Here we
go: "plain-elegant-potatoes". Every scene
that we do it. Now what we need to
do in the next video is figure out how do
we use React router to do this last one.
Which is change from '/' to
'/store/plain-elegant-potatoes'.